The Argentine's consistency in hitting the net is as astonishing due to the number of goals he has scored as it is due to the time in which he scored them. Barça's number 10 does just not tire of scoring, of winning of providing assists or of playing with pure joy. And as long as he keeps doing all that, we'll have Messi around for still a while to come. Messi's goal in the Copa del Rey final against Sevilla took the boy from Rosario on to 40 goals this ampaign, a tally he has sustained since 2009-10, Guardiola's second in the Barça dugout. And with five games remaining in the league (against Deportivo, Real Madrid, Villarrea, Levante and Real Sociedad), the Barça striker could yet increase his goal tally and beat the 41 goals he scored in 2013-14 and 2015-16. His record was in 2011-12 with a barnstorming 73 strikes in 60 games.
FC Barcelona did not just win the Copa del Rey, they wiped the floor with Sevilla. And Lionel Messi did not only score his 40th goal of the season, because Messi is not only about goals, it's the way he plays and makes others play, even though strikers, with the exception of Karim Benzema, are judged for their goals. We are lucky to watch every year the best sporting duel in the world between Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo and the truth is the two players feed off each other. Even though it might taste bad that Andres Iniesta is leaving when he still has so much to give, and although he has earned the right to take the decision, we can take solace in the fact that Messi is 28 months younger than Cristiano. That's why, seeing that the Portuguese is 33 years old, we can be happy about that because even though we know Messi will retire one day, he still has a long way to go. It's likely that when Cristiano hangs up his boots, Messi will still have a few years left to play and a few more goals to score. Cristiano is a great goalscorer and when his physical prowess drops so to will his goal tally. Messi, however, just as Maradona did back in the day, will be able to continue to play at walking pace, continuing to dazzle and make other players shine until he is 40 years old. Iniesta will leave, but let's look on the bright side: we still have plenty more years to watch Messi.
The Madrid  expedition featured 24 first team players and Zidane must remove six of them from the squad for Wednesday's Champions League semi-final first leg against Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena. Madrid will train in Munich this evening at 1900 CET at the stadium. Before then, Zidane and a Madrid player will hold a press conference.
In an interview with Globo TV, the Brazil fullback spoke about his time at Barça. "Barça is my home. It's impossible to say I wouldn't go back there. I would go back to Barça tomorrow if they called me," he said. "But if I said I didn't leave Barça feeling hurt I would be lying. I left hurting a lot because I feel that I fought so hard to construct Barça's great history and all that to get an unexpected response from the club. I left with 23 trophies in eight years." Alves left Barça at the end of the 2015-16 season after winning the double of La Liga and the Copa del Rey. He went to Juventus for a season and last summer joined PSG. Just as in Italy, he has won the league in France.
One of those, according to Spanish newspaper AS, is from Manchester City, who are said to be very keen on signing the midfielder. It is also claimed that in addition to ex Barça coach Pep Guardiola, Luis Enrique wants to sign Iniesta for Arsenal if the coach ends up  moving to north London to replace Arsene Wenger. However, it seems impossible that Iniesta rejects the offer from China. Over a year ago he started to negotiate the move and the offer is unrejectable from a financial point of view. In any case, AS speculates about a possible change in opinion and destination (to the Premier League or PSG) as Barça will make it easier for him to leave and will not place any conditions on his future. They also say that if he did go to France or England it would be a stepping stone to his eventual move to China.
"Andrés has had a very good season, like he did the year before, and he has always played at the highest level with us. We are delighted that he keeps playing this well and are excited about him keeping it up at the World Cup," said the national team's coach.
The British website the BBC has made a starting 11 of players who are in this curious situation and it is a group of players which could easily make it into the starting 11 of a very important team in Europe. To select their starting 11, the BBC compiled a list of 50 players categorised in six different areas such as recovering the ball, dsistribution, chance creation and shooting ability. For goalkeepers, they have selected players based on the number of minutes it takes before they concede a goal, as well as their percentage of important saves.What is left is a hypothetical starting line-up of top class players, making this a summer of intense transfer activity and big announcements. The most interesting names are Bayern forwards Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery and Juventus centre-backs Giorgio Chiellini and Andrea Barzagli. Four players who are in the twilight of  their careers, but who are still great options to fill positions at the best teams in Europe.
Asked about the differences between playing in the game or coaching in it, Zidane said: "I have the pleasure of playing this game as much as a coach as a player or as a fan." Asked if he was surprised at the differences in results in this 'European Clasico' since he arrived on the bench at Madrid than when he played against Bayern, Zidane said: "For me nothing changes, in this game anything can happen."
Ronaldo has scored in 11 consecutive games in the competition and Boateng said the Portuguese was "an athlete who has no weaknesses".
"Cristiano is a world class player, his goalscoring tally shows how difficult it is to defend against him," Boateng told a press conference. "I've played against him for Real Madrid and Portugal and it's different because at his club he has better plays around him than for his country. I'm glad to be playing against him because that way I can improve." "He is an athlete with no weaknesses," Boateng added. "He can score with his left foot his right, his head, he is very good on the ball. But the danger is not just him, but all of the Real Madrid team and the way they've been playing for the last few years, they have a muscle memory and are very dangerous on the counterattack. That's what happens when you are at the top of the world for so many years but we have the ability to beat them." Boateng also believes that Bayern need to beat Madrid at the Allianz Arena to ensure they get through the tie as Real are so strong at home and have knocked his side out twice in the last four years.